

5 A)
    That function schedules a Laravel Artisan Command, called "app:example-command", which will be executed once per hour.
    This job will be ensured to run only in one server, which means that the server that picks the job will create a lock, 
    to avoid other servers to run the same job.
    Besides, it will not overlap, which means that if the current job takes more than one hour, and the trigger of the job is executed again, 
    the new instance will not be fired.
    Finally, it will run in pararlel with other tasks. This is normally good when we know that the job might take too long to finish. 
    By default, tasks scheduled for the same time, run one after another. With runInBackground(), it runs simultaneously with the others.

5 B) 
    Context is used to share data between multiple parts of the application.
    For instance, if you need to add user data from one request, and use in a later Job.
    Let's say you want to keep track of a request, that later, dispatches a job.
    On the Job class, you can use Conext stored data to log information about the user that dispatched the job.

    Cache is different, as it is a Facade that allows the application to have a robust cache system. 
    This facade uses a config file (cache.php) which allows us to configure multiple options.
    For instance, we can choose between simple local storage files or a Redis instance. It also offers multiple helper functions.

    A common approach of the cache could be the following.
    Let's say you might need to load things on the fly. But they don't change too often.
    After you process your content, you can store in the cache to hold the information for the desired amount of time:

    $cacheKey = 'key:'. $id; 
    if (Cache::has($cacheKey)) {
        return Cache::get($cacheKey);
    }

    // Do the processing

    Cache::add($cacheKey, $cachedData, 86400); // One day TTL

    return $cachedData;

5 C) 
    Every time that we use $model->update, laravel fires an event (that happens with create, update or delete cases).
    With that, we can use observers to execute actions when any model is "touched".
    The difference with the updateQuietly is that the event is not fired when this method is executed.
    It's useful when you just want to update the model, without any other processing happening in the backgroud (by the events and observers).

    I assumed that by $query->update() you mean DB::table()->update().
    If that's the case, it uses the DB facade, and run query statemens, but not based on the models.
    It's useful if you need to create a Raw SQL query.